welcome to slash forward
well i hope you like characters because
we're going to take a look through the
2006 video game horror film silent hill
for more elite gaming walkthroughs
subscribe to the channel
let's get to it we open on a rousing
evening jogging scream
rose and chris are searching for their
adopted daughter sharon
suspecting that she's taken an omnibula
stroll through the nearby woods
rosa's heart sinks when she gets to the
neighborhood waterfall and sees sharon
preparing to cliff dive without having
completed a preliminary depth check
she manages to save her from the first
circle of hell and tries to calm the
girl as she rides around
and screams about silent hill a behavior
she's recently taken to
while sleeping we then flash forward an
unknown amount of time and catch sharon
making some art in a field of wild
grasses
rose talks to her about their special
trip brought on by the silent hill fever
a consistent illusion that sharon
doesn't remember at all
this is a gals only trip where the two
ladies hope to reconnect
after their short break it's back to the
car meanwhile we see that daddy's trying
in vain to get through to rose who won't
answer her phone we come to learn via
his investigation of her netscape
leavings
that she may be attempting some form of
amateur aversion therapy by bringing
sharon to a place she's identified as
possibly being the silent hill to see if
she can free her of her night terrors as
they fuel up later rose takes a peek at
sharon's other artwork and we see that
she's been going through a bit of a dark
period when asked about it sharon has no
memory of the art modifications and is
upset to discover them then rose goes in
to pay up and ask for directions to
silent hill but the clerk won't give
directions and the card's been shut down
prompting rose to contact chris again
through their conversation we learned
that when sharon was adopted she came
from an orphanage in west virginia which
is where the mysterious town of silent
hill is located so rose feels this is
the best course of action to get some
answers about what's going on
as she leaves a motorcycle officer gets
her tags and then eventually decides to
go ahead and pull them over
why it's not entirely clear and we don't
really fully find out because rose ain't
got time for this crap
and she gasses it onto the forbidden
road that leads to silent hill
as they zoom along chased by the police
and distracted by loud static sounds
from the radio
rose is forced to swerve to avoid a girl
and smacks her face on the steering
wheel
when she wakes up sharon is missing and
she finds herself in a world of raining
ash
but at least the town seems somewhat
inviting she wanders the main road
looking for help but finds it to be as
ghostly as advertised luckily she
catches sight of a little girl in the
distance
and she chases after her wondering the
whole way why her daughter refuses to
return to her and is faced with the
decision of whether or not to proceed
down a dark stairwell as she considers
this a tornado siren blares in the
distance
and the sky begins to turn black so she
proceeds into the darkness
fortunately she has a boss lighter that
fulfills all of her lighting needs
she continues to pursue the flashes of
little girl off in the distance
only way laid when she turns corner and
comes across a pile of guts on the
ground and is then approached by a
little freak baby looking for help
[Applause]
when some others scamper out she just
sort of flails about and then
barely manages to squeeze into an
adjacent room this doesn't stop them
however and they corner her in the room
and then demonstrate how hardcore they
are by just disintegrating right in her
face
then she wakes up in the same room but
with a very different atmosphere
and you know things feel better out in
the daylight she finds the end of the
road and remains remarkably
unperturbed when a strange lady rolls up
on her to tell her about the dark door
rose begs for info on her daughter but
dahlia in a show of true one-upmanship
selfishly changes the subject to how her
own daughter suffered and was taken from
her and tries to snatch rose's locket
after identifying sharon as hers
no you idiot your daughter is a lesson
as rose heads back to the car she finds
some artsy clues to indicate where she
should be going next but before she can
begin her journey
officer bennett shows back up again
perfect a familiar face who can help
you're under arrest
oh man rose very nearly carrys out on
her as they head back toward town we
learned that bennett has this chip on
her shoulder specifically about
individual adults
bringing individual children towards
silent hill
after some rando used a mining vent to
stash the body of a young boy he had
kidnapped when they find the way blocked
in this direction as well
bennett is unfazed and she immediately
heads back toward toluca lake to the old
fire lookout where there's a radio
however
things go sideways momentarily when
they're approached by a strange figure
in the ash
it spits some sort of caustic fluid at
bennett which requires her to take off
her top layer of clothing
i hope it doesn't hit her again as she
deals with this rose uses the
opportunity to run off and find bus
route maps that lead her toward the
school but she forgot
it was a federal holiday so when she
gets there the office is completely
empty she goes to check the records
herself to verify if her daughter is in
attendance
after finding some keys and a flashlight
she wanders off down the hallway she
inadvertently stumbles across a group of
teachers finishing up a morning meeting
and tears off through the building until
she finds a nice quiet spot to catch her
breath
here she finds some fresh handprints and
then catches another glimpse of a shy
little girl
she takes off after her and catches up
in the bathroom where she
behaves in a way that would indicate she
is the stalker in this situation
she follows the sound of sobbing but
discovers taint no little girl in the
stall
as she comes to the slow realization
that she's inside a horror mystery game
she begins to follow the clues and finds
pieces of evidence
unfortunately she's spotted on her way
out and has to barricade herself
in as the miners outside attempt to
break down the door but she lucks out
when the canary starts going crazy
causing them to run off this is
accompanied by the siren again
which casts her into the upside down as
her surroundings are transformed into a
completely different type of horror
aesthetic
and then very unluckily the desiccated
bathroom remains come to life
and they give some very strong
indications that they would like to lick
her
a little bit she runs off before it gets
the chance however and finds the miners
didn't get out quickly enough to avoid a
beetle attack
she then finds herself at the gates of
hell where she catches a glimpse of what
she presumes to be sharon before falling
through
she eventually comes to in the windmill
yard where a large man with some sort of
geometric helmet emerges from the nearby
doorway
she runs off again the best defense in
this dark realm apparently
and takes a moment to have a
rejuvenating cry on the floor having
reached her limit she's just about ready
to let the bugs just
take her away but then bennett drags her
out of there snapping her out of it
as they partner up and assess their
surroundings they notice what sounds
like a huge
metal object being scraped along the
ground they're then forced to play a
sick game of duck and dodge as some sort
of grand
blade is repeatedly thrust through the
door neither the blade nor
the hand can quite reach them and then
his phase comes to an end as dream time
is over and all the damage is undone
as their environs are converted back to
ash you saw them right
what exactly would make you think she
hadn't rose now has an objective
find sharon before whatever that was
happens again first stop is the hotel
following the clue she found lodged in
that guy's gullet when they get there
they stumble upon an interpersonal
dispute between dalia and anna a normal
looking survivor
through her they confirm that there are
others who stay hunker down at the
church where it's safe
bennett finds another picture in the
mail slot for room 111 and they all go
off to investigate it together
as they search for the room anna fills
them in on the town's rich history of
burning witches at the stake
inspired by this story rose takes a
chance and finds the room hidden behind
the mural
this room leads to the next building
where rose seems to finally catch up
with the weeping girl
although the pathway there is
treacherous she presumes the girl to be
alessa and does remark at how similar
she is to her sharon but
sharon doesn't do that as far as she's
aware and then she's gone
when the others catch up we learn they
don't speak alessa's name here but
before any more context is provided the
birds send off another warning that the
darkness is coming
and they run out of there like mad women
at the church steps they're warned
against going with the survivors by
dahlia but they're soon overtaken by the
darkness
also when anna stays back to throw a
rocket dahlia pyramid head apparates
behind her and
fully de-gloves her entire body which
should be enough to drive anyone to
church
inside the confines of the church
they're mobbed by a group of ascetic
weirdos
after a tentative truce the survivors
get back to their nightly prayers they
then get to meet the church leader
christabel who rose pleads with to help
them
she reveals however that only the demon
knows the whereabouts of sharon
and she offers to lead them in that
direction they're taken to the hospital
and told the demon resides in its bowels
hidden behind the face of a child rose
soaks in the map committing the konami
code to memory
[Music]
but then crystal bell sees that her
daughter bears the appearance of alessa
and suspects the betrayal rose is able
to get onto the elevator but only due to
bennett cleaning
house after which she just sort of gives
up while rose plummets to the bottom
she follows the directions meticulously
but finds her pathway blocked by a gang
of raggedy emergency personnel
heeding a prior warning about them being
attracted to the light she carefully
makes her way
through in the darkness but just because
they can't see doesn't mean they don't
still
thirst for blood luckily when they lash
out they end up just taking down their
own kind
rose then proceeds through a door and
finds herself in heaven where a child
narrator fills in all the details for
her alessa was alone in the world
cast off for her sinful origins in an
attempt to restore the balance of purity
the elders convinced dalia to allow them
to perform a ritual but in the process
of casting out the evil within her her
apparatus knocked over the fire pit
bringing undue attention to their little
secret ritual room her subsequent
suffering summoned a great demon who
cast them all into her darkest dreams
rose then peekaboos the demon who claims
sharon represents the good parts of
what's left of elessa she's been called
back so they can bring about the end of
days and get their revenge
she states that crystal bell will easily
acquire sharon and enlists rose's help
to get her into the church to interrupt
the purity ritual then she snuggles on
up and just
phases right into that uterus sure
enough we see the elders arrive at
dalia's flat to nab sharon
back at the church crystal belt dons her
ceremonial vestments and starts up the
bonfire the preamble to the big show
here being bennett's immolation which
actually doesn't take too long
unfortunately there's a lot of time for
fanfare and reset in between which gives
rose enough time to arrive before they
even get the fire back up again
she tries to convince them that they're
all lost souls burned in the fire they
started which i think she manages to get
across
her defiance in the face of their abuse
is enough to ward them off until
christabel
dominant as a clydesdale steps in and
stabs her in the heart when her tainted
blood spills from her chest it brings
the darkness into the church
and then alyssa emerges on her hospital
bed of thorns and her tendrils of barbed
wire shoot
all over the interior of the church
stringing up the survivors and really
badly stinging them and causing their
blood and viscera to rain down on the
guilty
as these unspeakable horrors unfold rose
and share and close their eyes in the
corner
eventually waking up and casually
strolling out of there they managed to
get the car
started and embark on the foggy drive
home when they arrive we see
intermittent shots between them and
chris
and we come to realize that their souls
are now stuck forever within the shadow
realm
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch and i'd like to take a moment to
give a huge thanks to my donors
memorialized in the hall of headshots
i have to say this movie really went for
it there were parts where i definitely
felt like i was watching a cut scene
from a video game
however the fact that they went hard r
on this and didn't skimp on the
hellraiser
event horizon style gore did a lot to
sell it for me is there a video game
adaptation that does it better
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching